add ecs support (#228)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-s3: docs/index.asciidoc

Files that are archived to AWS Glacier will be skipped.

> ==== Event Metadata and the Elastic Common Schema (ECS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility"]
==== Event Metadata and the Elastic Common Schema (ECS)
```

This plugin adds cloudfront metadata to event.

> By default, the value is stored in the root level.

Reviewer 2: This will only be "default" until LS 8.

```suggestion
When ECS compatibility is disabled, the value is stored in the root level.
```

> When ECS is enabled, it is stored in the `@metadata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ECS is enabled, the value is stored in the `@metadata`.
```

> When ECS is enabled, it is stored in the `@metadata`.

Reviewer 2: 🤔 we place it on `@metadata`, but a sharp edge could be users expecting it to also be persisted, and most output plugins avoid persisting `@metadata`. I think if we indicate a clue as to _why_ we place it on `@metadata` here, users who have read the docs will be a little less surprised.

```suggestion
When ECS is enabled, it is stored in the `@metadata` where it can be used by other plugins in your pipeline.
```

Here’s how ECS compatibility mode affects output.
[cols="<l,<l,e,<e"]
|=======================================================================

> | disabled | v1 | Availability | Description

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ECS disabled | ECS v1 | Availability | Description
```

> | cloudfront_fields | [@metadata][s3][cloudfront][fields] | available when the file is a cloudfront metadata | columns name of metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cloudfront_fields | [@metadata][s3][cloudfront][fields] | available when the file contains cloudfront metadata | columns name of metadata
```

Reviewer: I don't understand this wording.  Maybe "When the file _contains_ cloudfront metadata?"  
If I don't have the wording right, please let me know. We can work together to find the right wording.

Author: my word `metadata` is not accurate. It should be a log file specific to CloudFront, which records the access details.
`cloudfront_fields` and `cloudfront_version` are only available for CloudFront log.
So, may be change it to "available when the file is a CloudFront log"

> | cloudfront_fields | [@metadata][s3][cloudfront][fields] | available when the file is a cloudfront metadata | columns name of metadata

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| cloudfront_fields | [@metadata][s3][cloudfront][fields] | available when the file is a cloudfront metadata | column names of metadata
```

> | cloudfront_version | [@metadata][s3][cloudfront][version] | available when the file is a cloudfront metadata | version of metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cloudfront_version | [@metadata][s3][cloudfront][version] | available when the file contains cloudfront metadata | version of metadata
```

Reviewer: Same comment as previous

Files that are archived to AWS Glacier will be skipped.

> [id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_metadata"]
```

Whether to delete processed files from the original bucket.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility"]
===== `ecs_compatibility`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* Supported values are:
** `disabled`: does not use ECS-compatible field names

> ** `v1`: uses fields that are compatible with Elastic Common Schema

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** `v1`: uses metadata fields that are compatible with Elastic Common Schema
```

* Default value depends on which version of Logstash is running:
** When Logstash provides a `pipeline.ecs_compatibility` setting, its value is used as the default
** Otherwise, the default value is `disabled`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Controls this plugin's compatibility with the
{ecs-ref}[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)].
See <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_metadata,ECS mapping>> for detailed information.
```

Whether to delete processed files from the original bucket.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility"]
===== `ecs_compatibility`

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * Supported values are:
  ** `disabled`: does not use ECS-compatible field names
  ** `v1`: uses metadata fields that are compatible with Elastic Common Schema

Controls this plugin's compatibility with the
{ecs-ref}[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)].

> See <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_metadata,ECS mapping>> for detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_metadata>> for detailed information.
```
